
# Goals

- [ ] Add motivations to [[Spectrogram|spectrogram]] [[Accelerometer|accelerometer]] method developed for [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper
- [ ] Extract 3 second [[Spectrogram|spectrograms]] from [[UTH-MHAD]] dataset
- [x] Create preliminary list of [[Publication Venues|publication venues]] for [[Multimodal Methods Systematic Review|systematic review]]
- [x] Copy data from [[PriMA-Care]] dataset for [[Multimodal Learning HAR]]
- [ ] Get a working Scala install

# Tasks

- [x] Meeting about [[SysMus]] organising committee
- [x] Meeting to get [[PriMA-Care]] dataset
- [x] Meeting about workshop on sound and learning

# What I Worked On

- In the morning I started doing some preliminary searches in Cristin related to obtaining a database of publication venues to scrape for the [[Multimodal Methods Systematic Review|systematic review]]. I also started copying the [[PriMA-Care]] dataset, which is ca. 280GB, for the [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper, and attended the meeting of the organising committee for the 2025 [[SysMus]] conference, which will be held at RITMO.
- I called with administration from LINK (University Pedagogy) regarding a workshop that they are holding in December on [uses and applications of sound in learning contexts](https://media-and-learning.eu/event/uses-and-applications-of-sound-in-learning-contexts/) as part of the [Media and Learning Association](https://media-and-learning.eu) workshop series. The workshop will include demonstrations by educators who make use of audiovisual media in their practice, and they would like to integrate some discussion of the scientific background of (in particular) the cognitive or neuroscientific aspects of sound perception into the workshop. This isn't my expertise, so I will ask around RITMO if anybody is interested.
- In the afternoon, I went to the Department of Musicology to finish cleaning some samples from the [[Motion Capture|MoCap]] dataset that we collected for the [[MoCap Latency Perception]] paper that we need for the pilot. We will do some retargeting of these four samples to several armatures for the pilot study that we will run soon.
- After that, I returned to the [[Multimodal Methods Systematic Review|systematic review]] and started scraping some publication [[Metadata|metadata]] from Cristin. A description of what I did and my results can be found [[Method - Multimodal Methods Systematic Review#2024.10.04 - First Test|on the methods page]] for the paper.

# Reflections

- Cristin RIS export does not encode extended characters at all. This is not ideal for scraping bibliographic information. I either have to then go through all of the references by hand and correct, which is a very time consuming process, or find another way around this. The [[XML]] looks to be the best option.
- I have several projects going on at the moment, so I have to switch mental gears quite often. This is ok, but it can be a bit tiring sometimes. I find myself needing to take short breaks between switches.
- I again didn't get around to the goals related to the [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper from [[2024-10-02]]. This is again ok, I will do these in the train on Monday.
- I have been thinking about the publication of these notes onto the website a little. In a way it is a little bit vulnerable, as I am very aware of the fact that (almost) everything I write is going up. So in a sense, I don't really write *raw* as such, but already have to consider what and how I write. It is good at making me reflect on my writing though, and what I previously would have just had as scribbled notes have become a little more presentable, meaning that it is also easier to come back to later. Because this contains everything from very informal to very formal writing as well, I sometimes feel a little uncertain about how to write, i.e. in terms of referring to collaborators, or if I should even mention them by name at all. It is better to err on the side of caution and not refer to anything that others might not be comfortable being publicly available until I have checked with them. However this does make writing notes a little more circuitous.

# Literature Read

- None

# Notes Created


%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE file.cday AS "Created"
WHERE file.cday = this.file.day
```
%%

| File                                                                                                                               | Created          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| [[Datasets/PriMA-Care.md\|PriMA-Care]]                                                                                             | October 04, 2024 |
| [[Literature Notes/@baselizadehPriMACarePrivacyPreservingMultimodal2024.md\|@baselizadehPriMACarePrivacyPreservingMultimodal2024]] | October 04, 2024 |
| [[Daily Notes/2024-10-04.md\|2024-10-04]]                                                                                          | October 04, 2024 |
| [[Publication Venues/Publication Venues.md\|Publication Venues]]                                                                   | October 04, 2024 |
| [[Publication Venues/SysMus.md\|SysMus]]                                                                                           | October 04, 2024 |
| [[XML.md\|XML]]                                                                                                                    | October 04, 2024 |
| [[RIS.md\|RIS]]                                                                                                                    | October 04, 2024 |
| [[Encoding.md\|Encoding]]                                                                                                          | October 04, 2024 |
| [[CSV.md\|CSV]]                                                                                                                    | October 04, 2024 |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%

# Yesterday's Daily Note

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE file.cday AS "Date"
WHERE date(file.name) = date(this.file.name)+dur(-1 day)
SORT file.cday DESC
```
%%

| File                                      | Date             |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| [[Daily Notes/2024-10-03.md\|2024-10-03]] | October 03, 2024 |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%
# Tomorrow's Daily Note

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE file.cday AS "Date"
WHERE date(file.name) = date(this.file.name)+dur(1 day)
SORT file.cday DESC
```
%%

| File | Date |
| ---- | ---- |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%


