#daily-note #procedural 

# Goals

- [x] Finish and submit draft of [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper for course.
- [x] Add motivations to [[Spectrogram|spectrogram]] [[Accelerometer|accelerometer]] method developed for [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper
- [ ] Extract 3 second [[Spectrogram|spectrograms]] from [[UTH-MHAD]] dataset
- [ ] Get a working Scala install

# Tasks

- [x] Meeting at Department of Education
- [x] Deadline for paper draft for IN9490 course

# What I Worked On

- In the morning I had a meeting at the Department of Education regarding motion analysis for a study.
- After this, I work on revising the draft of the [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper.
- I started exploring the [[IR Light Level Compensation]] data.

# Reflections

- The non-results parts of the [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper are coming together. It is still quite messy and needs some revision, but I think the through-line and the required information is there. I still need to make some figures.
- I feel that I am not reading enough. I think I will try to make a 15-30 minute slot each day to read. It also gives me a good recurring task to work on each day.
- I was very busy at the [Nordic CoE Meet Up Gothenburg 2024](https://www.uio.no/ritmo/english/news-and-events/events/conferences/2024/nordic-coe-meet-up-gothenburg-2024/) this week, so didn't keep up to date on the [[Daily Notes|daily notes]]. I like having these, as they give me a good place to keep track of things and note reflections etc., however I did feel some pressure to keep these up to date. I think I will be more relaxed in my approach to these, keeping them updated as I can but not to the detriment of other work.

# Literature Read

- 

# Notes Created


%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE file.cday AS "Created"
WHERE file.cday = date(this.file.name)
```
%%

| File                                      | Created          |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| [[Daily Notes/2024-10-11.md\|2024-10-11]] | October 11, 2024 |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%

# Yesterday's Daily Note

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE date(file.name) AS "Date"
WHERE date(file.name) = date(this.file.name)+dur(-1 day)
SORT date(file.name) DESC
```
%%

| File                                      | Date             |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| [[Daily Notes/2024-10-10.md\|2024-10-10]] | October 10, 2024 |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%
# Tomorrow's Daily Note

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE date(file.name) AS "Date"
WHERE date(file.name) = date(this.file.name)+dur(1 day)
SORT date(file.name) DESC
```
%%

| File                                      | Date             |
| ----------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| [[Daily Notes/2024-10-12.md\|2024-10-12]] | October 12, 2024 |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%


