#daily-note #procedural 

# Goals

- [x] Finish [[Pure Data]] patch to extract [[Electromyography|EMG]] data from [[JSON]] file provided over direct stream from [[SiFiBand]]
- [x] Submit [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper
- [ ] Work on cleaning vault and updating missing obsidian notes

# Tasks

- [ ] 

# What I Worked On

- In the morning, I finished the patch to enable the extraction of EMG signals from the [[SiFiBand]] directly within Pure Data, without having to go over a Python bridge.
- In the afternoon, I checked over the [[Multimodal Learning HAR]] paper before final submission to the [Ro-Man 2025](https://www.ro-man2025.org/) conference.
- After this, I started to work on updating all of the missing notes from the previous months.
# Reflections

- Since January I have been operating at full capacity to prepare submissions for conferences along with various other tasks. This meant that I have neglected a lot of documentation and note taking here. This is not what I intended when I started this, but will have to embrace the messiness of this. Things have slowed down a little now, so I'm taking the opportunity to go back and update, but my memory is of course not perfect. I aim to fill in based upon the best of my recollection.

# Literature Read

- 

# Notes Created


%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE file.cday AS "Created"
FROM -"Meetings" AND -"Literature" AND -"Obsidian Templates"
WHERE file.cday = date(this.file.name)
```
%%

| File | Created |
| ---- | ------- |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%

# Yesterday's Daily Note

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE date(file.name) AS "Date"
WHERE date(file.name) = date(this.file.name)+dur(-1 day)
SORT date(file.name) DESC
```
%%

| File | Date |
| ---- | ---- |

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%
# Tomorrow's Daily Note

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: start
```dataview
TABLE date(file.name) AS "Date"
WHERE date(file.name) = date(this.file.name)+dur(1 day)
SORT date(file.name) DESC
```
%%

%% DATAVIEW_PUBLISHER: end %%


