#literature-note 

---
category:: literaturenote
tags:: 
citekey:: lahatMultimodalDataFusion2015
status:: unread
reference:: Lahat, D., Adali, T., & Jutten, C. (2015). ‘Multimodal data fusion: An overview of methods, challenges, and prospects’, _Proceedings of the IEEE_, 103/9: 1449–77. DOI: [10.1109/JPROC.2015.2460697](https://doi.org/10.1109/JPROC.2015.2460697)
dateread:
---

> [!Cite]
> Lahat, D., Adali, T., & Jutten, C. (2015). ‘Multimodal data fusion: An overview of methods, challenges, and prospects’, _Proceedings of the IEEE_, 103/9: 1449–77. DOI: [10.1109/JPROC.2015.2460697](https://doi.org/10.1109/JPROC.2015.2460697)

>[!Synth]
>**Contribution**:: 
>
>**Related**:: 
>

>[!md]
> **FirstAuthor**:: Lahat, Dana  
> **Author**:: Adali, Tülay  
> **Author**:: Jutten, Christian  
~    
> **Title**:: Multimodal data fusion: An overview of methods, challenges, and prospects  
> **Year**:: 2015   
> **Citekey**:: lahatMultimodalDataFusion2015  
> **itemType**:: journalArticle  
> **Journal**:: *Proceedings of the IEEE*  
> **Volume**:: 103  
> **Issue**:: 9   
> **Pages**:: 1449-1477  
> **DOI**:: 10.1109/JPROC.2015.2460697    

> [!LINK] 
>
> [[Lahat et al_2015_Multimodal data fusion.pdf]].

> [!Abstract]
>.
> 
# Notes
>
># Annotations  
(12/01/2024, 23:56:28)

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1449&annotation=3MDRHIG9) “Due to the rich characteristics of natural phenomena, it is rare that a single modality provides complete knowledge of the phenomenon of interest. The increasing availability of several modalities reporting on the same system introduces new degrees of freedom, which raise questions beyond those related to exploiting each modality separately.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1449](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Nice description of multi-modal datasets and the need for data fusion.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1449&annotation=ESGG7CPT) “Information about a phenomenon or a system of interest can be obtained from different types of instruments, measurement techniques, experimental setups, and other types of sources. Due to the rich characteristics of natural processes and environments, it is rare that a single acquisition method provides complete understanding thereof. The increasing availability of multiple data sets that contain information, obtained using different acquisition methods, about the same system, introduces new degrees of freedom that raise questions beyond those related to analyzing each data set separately.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1449](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Nice rephrasing of definition and requirements from previous annotation.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1449&annotation=KIT6DRGT) “However, until rather recently, in most cases, these data fusion methodologies were confined within the limits of psychometrics and chemometrics, the communities in which they evolved. With recent technological advances, in a growing number of domains, the availability of data sets that correspond to the same phenomenon has increased, leading to increased interest in exploiting them efficiently.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1449](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Restriction of use of data fusion to fields in which it was developed until recently.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1450&annotation=5RI7XPKI) “Motivations for data fusion are numerous. They include obtaining a more unified picture and global view of the system at hand; improving decision making; exploratory research; answering specific questions about the system, such as identifying common versus distinctive elements across modalities or time; and in general, extracting knowledge from data for various purposes. However, despite the evident potential benefit, and massive work that has already been done in the field (see, for example, [8]–[16] and references therein), the knowledge of how to actually exploit the additional diversity that multiple data sets offer is still at its very preliminary stages.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1450](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Overview of motivations for data fusion. Interesting is identifying common versus distinctive elements across modalities or time.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1450&annotation=JEK89H9M) “First, the data are generated by very complex systems: biological, environmental, sociological, and psychological, to name a few, driven by numerous underlying processes that depend on a large number of variables to which we have no access. Second, due to the augmented diversity, the number, type, and scope of new research questions that can be posed is potentially very large. Third, working with heterogeneous data sets such that the respective advantages of each data set are maximally exploited, and drawbacks suppressed, is not an evident task. We elaborate on these matters in Sections II–IV. Most of these questions have been devised only in the very recent years, and, as we show in this paper, only a fraction of their potential has already been exploited.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1450](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Overview of challenges of data fusion.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1450&annotation=5LZC9MP3) “In order to contain our discussion, we focus on setups in which a phenomenon or a system is observed using multiple instruments, measurement devices, or acquisition techniques. In this case, each acquisition framework is denoted as a modality and is associated with one data set. The whole setup, in which one has access to data obtained from multiple modalities, is known as multimodal.Akey property of multimodality is complementarity,inthesense that each modality brings to the whole some type of added value that cannot be deduced or obtained from any of the other modalities in the setup. In mathematical terms, this added value is known as diversity. Diversity allows to reduce the number of degrees of freedom in the system by providing constraints that enhance uniqueness, interpretability, robustness, performance, and other desired properties, as will be illustrated in the rest of this paper.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1450](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Definitions of modality, multimodal, complementarity, and diversity. A definition of diversity that is not mathematically generalised, but rather specific to multimodal data sets is in the following annotation.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1450&annotation=3MMNIPCB) “Definition I.1: Diversity (due to multimodality) is the property that allows to enhance the uses, benefits and insights (such as those discussed in Section II), in a way that cannot be achieved with a single modality.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1450](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Operative definition of diversity in multimodal data sets.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1450&annotation=TCDDDG9W) “Diversity is the key to data fusion,” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1450](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Important to note that diversity key to data fusion.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1450&annotation=2WY58PMW) “Definition I.2: Data fusion is the analysis of several data sets such that different data sets can interact and inform each other.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1450](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Operating definition of data fusion.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1451&annotation=GSCS5B8E) “The well-accepted paradigm that certain natural processes and phenomena can express themselves under completely different physical guises is the raison d’eˆtre of multimodal data fusion. Too often, however, very little is known about theunderlyingrelationshipsamongthesemodalities. Therefore, the most obvious and essential endeavour to be undertaken in any multimodal data analysis task is exploratory: to learn about relationships between modalities, their complementarity, shared versus modality-specific information content, and other mutual properties.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1451](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Primary undertaking in multimodal analysis as exploratory. In order to understand relationship between modalities.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1451&annotation=MRSIHXHV) “The McGurk effect serves as an indication that in real-life scenarios, data fusion can take pathsmuchmoreintricatethansimplesummationof information.Notlessimportant,itservesasalessonthat fusing modalities can yield undesired results and severe degradation of performance if the underlying relationships between modalities are not properly understood.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1451](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) Data fusion as more than summation of multiple modalities. Using McGurk effect as example.

[Go to annotation](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GBDY34P3?page=1462&annotation=6EGCR4UZ) “An ensemble of data sets is ‘‘more than the sum of its parts’’ in the sense that it contains precious information that is lost if these relations are ignored.” ([Lahat et al., 2015, p. 1462](zotero://select/library/items/FB8LVNW9)) The importance and complementary nature of multimodal datasets..


# Annotations%% begin annotations %%



### Imported: 2024-11-29 6:49 pm



<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> Due to the rich characteristics of natural phenomena, it is rare that a single modality provides complete knowledge of the phenomenon of interest. The increasing availability of several modalities reporting on the same system introduces new degrees of freedom, which raise questions beyond those related to exploiting each modality separately.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> Information about a phenomenon or a system of interest can be obtained from different types of instruments, measurement techniques, experimental setups, and other types of sources. Due to the rich characteristics of natural processes and environments, it is rare that a single acquisition method provides complete understanding thereof. The increasing availability of multiple data sets that contain information, obtained using different acquisition methods, about the same system, introduces new degrees of freedom that raise questions beyond those related to analyzing each data set separately.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> However, until rather recently, in most cases, these data fusion methodologies were confined within the limits of psychometrics and chemometrics, the communities in which they evolved. With recent technological advances, in a growing number of domains, the availability of data sets that correspond to the same phenomenon has increased, leading to increased interest in exploiting them efficiently.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> Motivations for data fusion are numerous. They include obtaining a more unified picture and global view of the system at hand; improving decision making; exploratory research; answering specific questions about the system, such as identifying common versus distinctive elements across modalities or time; and in general, extracting knowledge from data for various purposes. However, despite the evident potential benefit, and massive work that has already been done in the field (see, for example, [8]–[16] and references therein), the knowledge of how to actually exploit the additional diversity that multiple data sets offer is still at its very preliminary stages.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> First, the data are generated by very complex systems: biological, environmental, sociological, and psychological, to name a few, driven by numerous underlying processes that depend on a large number of variables to which we have no access. Second, due to the augmented diversity, the number, type, and scope of new research questions that can be posed is potentially very large. Third, working with heterogeneous data sets such that the respective advantages of each data set are maximally exploited, and drawbacks suppressed, is not an evident task. We elaborate on these matters in Sections II–IV. Most of these questions have been devised only in the very recent years, and, as we show in this paper, only a fraction of their potential has already been exploited.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> In order to contain our discussion, we focus on setups in which a phenomenon or a system is observed using multiple instruments, measurement devices, or acquisition techniques. In this case, each acquisition framework is denoted as a modality and is associated with one data set. The whole setup, in which one has access to data obtained from multiple modalities, is known as multimodal.Akey property of multimodality is complementarity,inthesense that each modality brings to the whole some type of added value that cannot be deduced or obtained from any of the other modalities in the setup. In mathematical terms, this added value is known as diversity. Diversity allows to reduce the number of degrees of freedom in the system by providing constraints that enhance uniqueness, interpretability, robustness, performance, and other desired properties, as will be illustrated in the rest of this paper.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> Definition I.1: Diversity (due to multimodality) is the property that allows to enhance the uses, benefits and insights (such as those discussed in Section II), in a way that cannot be achieved with a single modality.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> Diversity is the key to data fusion,

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> Definition I.2: Data fusion is the analysis of several data sets such that different data sets can interact and inform each other.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> The well-accepted paradigm that certain natural processes and phenomena can express themselves under completely different physical guises is the raison d’eˆtre of multimodal data fusion. Too often, however, very little is known about theunderlyingrelationshipsamongthesemodalities. Therefore, the most obvious and essential endeavour to be undertaken in any multimodal data analysis task is exploratory: to learn about relationships between modalities, their complementarity, shared versus modality-specific information content, and other mutual properties.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> The McGurk effect serves as an indication that in real-life scenarios, data fusion can take pathsmuchmoreintricatethansimplesummationof information.Notlessimportant,itservesasalessonthat fusing modalities can yield undesired results and severe degradation of performance if the underlying relationships between modalities are not properly understood.

<mark style="background-color: #ffaa00">Quote</mark>
> An ensemble of data sets is ‘‘more than the sum of its parts’’ in the sense that it contains precious information that is lost if these relations are ignored.


%% end annotations %%

%% Import Date: 2024-11-29T18:49:49.216+01:00 %%
