#procedural #supervision #Alexander
# **Previous Meeting**

Previous meeting on [[Meeting with Alexander 2024.09.27|27.09.2024]]

# **To Discuss**

- Admin: Will send things I want to discuss in advance and will send minutes afterwards
- Set up of site from Obsidian vault. Reflections:
	- Show and give small overview, not as stylish as local version
	- How is it accessible: not indexed by Google, accessible through my UiO page, raw markdown on Github
	- Multiple things at once - both thesis and reflections on process - [[Data]], [[Metadata]], and [[Paradata]] all in one
	- Sense of vulnerability in the fact that most everything I write is published
	- Question about collaborators, also not sharing things, notes from our meetings for example
	- What is the thesis? For me I would like to frame that this is an alternative raw, non-linear, expanded version of the thesis
- Progress on [[Multimodal Methods Systematic Review]]:
	- Have reviewed [[Automatic Terminology Recognition Methods|ATR methods]], [[PU-ATR]] seems like a good idea, could integrate [[i-SWB]] in this.
	- Some very very prelim results, scraped Cristin for IMV RITMO publication venues. Will filter and scrape corpora
