Previous meeting on [[Meeting with Alexander 2024.08.21|21.08.2024]]

1. We discussed how I am settling in at RITMO. I explained what I have taken part in this week, and set the goal of finishing the proposal revision by next Friday.
2. When getting involved with others on other projects, I should be careful to not get too distracted from my individual aims too (although the first year is a good time to get involved in other projects). Before starting on these projects, authorship should always be discussed.
3. Potential co-supervisors - Alexander suggested Finn, I think that this might also be a good idea. There is also Jim, Laura, and Ulysse to consider. However there is no rush. I should let the project sit a while and then decide.
4. I should start the Latex thesis document. I can ask Henrik about an Overleaf paid account. I should ask others about the template, which apparently has a hack.

Next meeting on [[Meeting with Alexander 2024.09.13|13.09.2024]].